README.md, before:

# Recipes

[![Quarto Publish](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/actions/workflows/publish.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/quarto-website/actions/workflows/publish.yml)
[![Codespell](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/actions/workflows/codespell.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/quarto-website/actions/workflows/codespell.yml)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes?color=ee8449&style=flat-square)](#contributors)

## License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://lennartwittkuhn.com/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/42233065?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Lennart Wittkuhn"/><br /><sub><b>Lennart Wittkuhn</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/issues?q=author%3Alnnrtwttkhn" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/commits?author=lnnrtwttkhn" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="#design-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/commits?author=lnnrtwttkhn" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#example-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Examples">💡</a> <a href="#financial-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Financial">💵</a> <a href="#fundingFinding-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Funding Finding">🔍</a> <a href="#ideas-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#infra-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="#maintenance-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="#mentoring-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Mentoring">🧑‍🏫</a> <a href="#projectManagement-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Project Management">📆</a> <a href="#question-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Answering Questions">💬</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Alnnrtwttkhn" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="#talk-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Talks">📢</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="http://www.tametodesign.it"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/16087032?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Matteo Carpi"/><br /><sub><b>Matteo Carpi</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/issues?q=author%3Amatteocarpi" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="#content-matteocarpi" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/commits?author=matteocarpi" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/elmwdow"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/153852938?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Max W"/><br /><sub><b>Max W</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/issues?q=author%3Aelmwdow" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="#content-elmwdow" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/commits?author=elmwdow" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

Commit message:

Link CONTRIBUTING file in README

README.md, after:

# Recipes

[![Quarto Publish](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/actions/workflows/publish.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/quarto-website/actions/workflows/publish.yml)
[![Codespell](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/actions/workflows/codespell.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/quarto-website/actions/workflows/codespell.yml)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes?color=ee8449&style=flat-square)](#contributors)

## License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Contributing

I welcome contributions to this project! Please see my [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information on how to get started.

## Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://lennartwittkuhn.com/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/42233065?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Lennart Wittkuhn"/><br /><sub><b>Lennart Wittkuhn</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/issues?q=author%3Alnnrtwttkhn" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/commits?author=lnnrtwttkhn" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="#design-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/commits?author=lnnrtwttkhn" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#example-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Examples">💡</a> <a href="#financial-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Financial">💵</a> <a href="#fundingFinding-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Funding Finding">🔍</a> <a href="#ideas-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#infra-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="#maintenance-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="#mentoring-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Mentoring">🧑‍🏫</a> <a href="#projectManagement-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Project Management">📆</a> <a href="#question-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Answering Questions">💬</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Alnnrtwttkhn" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="#talk-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Talks">📢</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="http://www.tametodesign.it"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/16087032?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Matteo Carpi"/><br /><sub><b>Matteo Carpi</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/issues?q=author%3Amatteocarpi" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="#content-matteocarpi" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/commits?author=matteocarpi" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/elmwdow"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/153852938?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Max W"/><br /><sub><b>Max W</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/issues?q=author%3Aelmwdow" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="#content-elmwdow" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/recipes/commits?author=elmwdow" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->
